TELCODOCS-776: First draft (#60666)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nvidia-gpu-prerequisites.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/nvidia-gpu-architecture-overview.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nvidia-gpu-prerequisites_{context}"]
= NVIDIA GPU prerequisites

* A working OpenShift cluster up and running with a GPU worker node.

* Access to the OpenShift cluster as a `cluster-admin` to perform the necessary steps.

> 

Reviewer: NFD operator must be installed along with an instance of nodefeaturediscovery.  This is required also before you deploy the ClusterPolicy of the GPU Operator.

Author: Added.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/nvidia-gpu-architecture-overview.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nvidia-gpu-prerequisites_{context}"]
= NVIDIA GPU prerequisites

> * A working OpenShift cluster up and running with a GPU worker node.

Reviewer 2: "at least one GPU worker node" would be more accurate, IMO

Author: Changed.

> * A working OpenShift cluster up and running with at least one GPU worker node.
> 
> * Access to the OpenShift cluster as a `cluster-admin` to perform the necessary steps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A working OpenShift cluster with at least one GPU worker node.

* Access to the OpenShift cluster as a `cluster-admin` to perform the required steps.
```

Reviewer 4: s/ OpenShift cluster / {product-title} cluster x2

* OpenShift CLI (`oc`) installed.

> * NFD operator must be installed along with an instance of ``nodefeaturediscovery``. 

Reviewer 2: It sounds a bit awkward to me. An instance of `NodeFeatureDiscovery` is created after the operator has been installed. [Here](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/hardware_enablement/psap-node-feature-discovery-operator.html#using-the-node-feature-discovery-operator_node-feature-discovery-operator) is how the OpenShift doc puts it.

Author: Reworded: "Install the Node Feature Discovery (NFD) operator and create a ``nodefeaturediscovery`` instance."

> * The node feature discovery (NFD) Operator is installed and a ``nodefeaturediscovery`` instance is created.

Reviewer 5: This is rendering correctly in the preview. But might want to fix it. 
```suggestion
* The node feature discovery (NFD) Operator is installed and a `nodefeaturediscovery` instance is created.
```

> * OpenShift CLI (`oc`) installed.
> 
> * Install the Node Feature Discovery (NFD) operator and create a ``nodefeaturediscovery`` instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* OpenShift CLI (`oc`) is installed.

* The node feature discovery (NFD) Operator is installed and a ``nodefeaturediscovery`` instance is created.
```
